index.md, before:

---
layout: home
---

## Overview

The joint CSSI-Cybertraining-SCIPE meeting brings together Principal
Investigators (PIs) funded by these National Science Foundation programs to
share competencies, best practices, provide feedback to the funding programs,
and support these communities. PIs from these programs are required to create a
poster, submit a digital version of the poster, and present a printed version of
the poster (see detailed instructions below).

The meeting is also open to National Science Foundation program directors, PIs
funded by the CC*, OAC Core, and CDS&E programs.

## Meeting Details

- Lodging: We have a special rate at Le Meridien and the Sheraton Hotels (they
  are in adjoining buildings). Please use this link (coming soon) to book a room
  at the special rate.
- Dates: August 12 and 13, 2024
- Program: PDF Link (Coming Soon). A sign-up sheet for meeting with NSF program
  directors.
- Registration: Fee and Link (Coming Soon)

## Abstract Submission

PIs funded by the CSSI, Cybertraining or SCIPE programs are required to create a
poster (one per award), submit a digital version of the poster, and present a
printed version of the poster.

- Instructions: at least one PI or co-PI from an active award is required to
  attend and present a poster. For collaborative projects, only one poster is
  required.
- Poster abstract due date: Friday, July 12, 2024
- Abstract submission Link: [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScz0MWEa4VdE8qreb1IOqfy5j3HnjH0DUR9lvSU5rR3FCi1Ig/viewform)
- Instructions for poster preparation: [Poster Preparation](registration/)
- Digital poster upload deadline: Friday, August 16, 2024

## Questions
If you are a Cybertraining, SCIPE or CC* PI, please contact Hantao
(hcui9@ncsu.edu). If you are a CSSI, OAC Core or CDS&E PI, please contact Vivak
(vivak.patel@wisc.edu). If you are in both sets of groups, you are welcome to
contact either Hantao or Vivak.

<!-- ## Important Dates
- Abstract submission: July XX
- Registration: July XX
- Hotel group rate cutoff: July XX
- Meeting dates:  August 12th at X am - August 13th at Y PM.
- Poster (pdf) upload: August XX -->

## Past PI Meeting Websites
- CSSI:
[[2023]](https://www.cssi-pi2023.org/)
[[2022]](https://cssi-pi-community.github.io/2022-meeting/)
[[2020]](https://cssi-pi-community.github.io/2020-meeting/)

- CyberTraining:
[[2023]](https://www.cssi-pi2023.org/)

Commit message:

Replace coming soon with links.

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
---

## Overview

The joint CSSI-Cybertraining-SCIPE meeting brings together Principal
Investigators (PIs) funded by these National Science Foundation programs to
share competencies, best practices, provide feedback to the funding programs,
and support these communities. PIs from these programs are required to create a
poster, submit a digital version of the poster, and present a printed version of
the poster (see detailed instructions below).

The meeting is also open to National Science Foundation program directors, PIs
funded by the CC*, OAC Core, and CDS&E programs.

## Meeting Details

- Registration: [Registration](registration/) due August 4.
- Lodging: We have a special rate at Le Meridien and the Sheraton Hotels (they
  are in adjoining buildings). Please see instructions in [Venue](venue/) to
  book a room at the special rate.
- Dates: August 12 and 13, 2024
- Program: PDF Link (Coming Soon). A sign-up sheet for meeting with NSF program
  directors.

## Abstract Submission

PIs funded by the CSSI, Cybertraining or SCIPE programs are required to create a
poster (one per award), submit a digital version of the poster, and present a
printed version of the poster.

- Instructions: at least one PI or co-PI from an active award is required to
  attend and present a poster. For collaborative projects, only one poster is
  required.
- Poster abstract due date: Friday, July 12, 2024
- Abstract submission Link: [Google Form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScz0MWEa4VdE8qreb1IOqfy5j3HnjH0DUR9lvSU5rR3FCi1Ig/viewform)
- Instructions for poster preparation: [Poster Preparation](registration/)
- Digital poster upload deadline: Friday, August 16, 2024

## Questions
If you are a Cybertraining, SCIPE or CC* PI, please contact Hantao
(hcui9@ncsu.edu). If you are a CSSI, OAC Core or CDS&E PI, please contact Vivak
(vivak.patel@wisc.edu). If you are in both sets of groups, you are welcome to
contact either Hantao or Vivak.

<!-- ## Important Dates
- Abstract submission: July XX
- Registration: July XX
- Hotel group rate cutoff: July XX
- Meeting dates:  August 12th at X am - August 13th at Y PM.
- Poster (pdf) upload: August XX -->

## Past PI Meeting Websites
- CSSI:
[[2023]](https://www.cssi-pi2023.org/)
[[2022]](https://cssi-pi-community.github.io/2022-meeting/)
[[2020]](https://cssi-pi-community.github.io/2020-meeting/)

- CyberTraining:
[[2023]](https://www.cssi-pi2023.org/)
