venue/index.md, before:

---
layout: location
---

<h1 class="display-4 text-break"> Le Méridien Charlotte / Charlotte, NC </h1>

<p class="lead">555 S McDowell St Tower, Charlotte, NC 28204</p>

[Find directions on Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//555+S+McDowell+St,+Charlotte,+NC+28204/@35.2168824,-80.8411386,17z/data=!4m18!1m8!3m7!1s0x88569f898c303825:0xd8c3d86b867f9085!2s555+S+McDowell+St,+Charlotte,+NC+28204!3b1!8m2!3d35.216878!4d-80.8385637!16s%2Fg%2F11bw3y_fz9!4m8!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x88569f898c303825:0xd8c3d86b867f9085!2m2!1d-80.8385637!2d35.216878!3e2?entry=ttu)

## Hotel Booking

Please use the link for the NSF program sponsoring your project.

**Deadline** for Group Rate: July 30th. Note that some days are sold out.

- CSSI, OAC Core and CDS&E Program: [book here for group rate (194 USD per night)](https://nam04.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.marriott.com%2Fevents%2Fstart.mi%3Fid%3D1720731597456%26key%3DGRP&data=05%7C02%7Ch.cui%40okstate.edu%7Cae7d391b05034f04f0aa08dca1efbc7b%7C2a69c91de8494e34a230cdf8b27e1964%7C0%7C0%7C638563298266052510%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=3djcKaV7z6jAZuEPyC6fq98qX3mbrpS23wnBGH1iCkI%3D&reserved=0)
- CyberTraining, CIP, SCIPE and others: [book here for group rate (194 USD per night)](https://nam04.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Furldefense.com%2Fv3%2F__https%3A%2Fwww.marriott.com%2Fevents%2Fstart.mi%3Fid%3D1720725959226%26key%3DGRP__%3B!!Mih3wA!CaRqBqTP1tfJIp8vO7w9FPeGHTi-aqEW3PVGIughze-K93rreYYbziI-1KS4TxsFvf63TZraeoZtaQrZOnnOBRFn%24&data=05%7C02%7Ch.cui%40okstate.edu%7C1b2e858079ea4d93aabd08dca1e7d1e9%7C2a69c91de8494e34a230cdf8b27e1964%7C0%7C0%7C638563264235254704%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=71wbwb6MInDB%2FuXsdKxKf8t7XJ96IwjfW0zBgCLpZMo%3D&reserved=0)

If you are a government employee **who holds a government issued ID that labels
you as a government employee** – be that state or federal, you can use the
government rate.

A campus ID does not qualify as a valid ID to receive the government rate; per
Marriott standards, employees of a state university do not qualify for the
government rate.

If you think you qualify the government rate (129 USD per
night), please confirm with the hotel and then email Hantao Cui (hcui9@ncsu.edu)
for a link. You will be responsible for the eligibility verification.

Commit message:

Mention hotel rate is before fees and taxes.

venue/index.md, after:

---
layout: location
---

<h1 class="display-4 text-break"> Le Méridien Charlotte / Charlotte, NC </h1>

<p class="lead">555 S McDowell St Tower, Charlotte, NC 28204</p>

[Find directions on Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/dir//555+S+McDowell+St,+Charlotte,+NC+28204/@35.2168824,-80.8411386,17z/data=!4m18!1m8!3m7!1s0x88569f898c303825:0xd8c3d86b867f9085!2s555+S+McDowell+St,+Charlotte,+NC+28204!3b1!8m2!3d35.216878!4d-80.8385637!16s%2Fg%2F11bw3y_fz9!4m8!1m0!1m5!1m1!1s0x88569f898c303825:0xd8c3d86b867f9085!2m2!1d-80.8385637!2d35.216878!3e2?entry=ttu)

## Hotel Booking

Please use the link for the NSF program sponsoring your project.

**Deadline** for Group Rate: July 30th. Note that some days are sold out.

- CSSI, OAC Core and CDS&E Program: [book here for group rate (194 USD per night before fees and taxes) ](https://nam04.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.marriott.com%2Fevents%2Fstart.mi%3Fid%3D1720731597456%26key%3DGRP&data=05%7C02%7Ch.cui%40okstate.edu%7Cae7d391b05034f04f0aa08dca1efbc7b%7C2a69c91de8494e34a230cdf8b27e1964%7C0%7C0%7C638563298266052510%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=3djcKaV7z6jAZuEPyC6fq98qX3mbrpS23wnBGH1iCkI%3D&reserved=0)
- CyberTraining, CIP, SCIPE and others: [book here for group rate (194 USD per night before fees and taxes)](https://nam04.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Furldefense.com%2Fv3%2F__https%3A%2Fwww.marriott.com%2Fevents%2Fstart.mi%3Fid%3D1720725959226%26key%3DGRP__%3B!!Mih3wA!CaRqBqTP1tfJIp8vO7w9FPeGHTi-aqEW3PVGIughze-K93rreYYbziI-1KS4TxsFvf63TZraeoZtaQrZOnnOBRFn%24&data=05%7C02%7Ch.cui%40okstate.edu%7C1b2e858079ea4d93aabd08dca1e7d1e9%7C2a69c91de8494e34a230cdf8b27e1964%7C0%7C0%7C638563264235254704%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C0%7C%7C%7C&sdata=71wbwb6MInDB%2FuXsdKxKf8t7XJ96IwjfW0zBgCLpZMo%3D&reserved=0)

If you are a government employee **who holds a government issued ID that labels
you as a government employee** – be that state or federal, you can use the
government rate.

A campus ID does not qualify as a valid ID to receive the government rate; per
Marriott standards, employees of a state university do not qualify for the
government rate.

If you think you qualify the government rate (129 USD per
night), please confirm with the hotel and then email Hantao Cui (hcui9@ncsu.edu)
for a link. You will be responsible for the eligibility verification.
